Add gin instrumentation (#231)
instana/go-sensor: instrumentation/instagin/README.md

Instana instrumentation for gin framework
=============================================

> This module contains middleware to instrument gin framework applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module contains middleware for instrumenting HTTP services written with [github.com/gin-gonic/gin](https://github.com/gin-gonic/gin).
```
